logo
Home
Administration
Departments
Institutes
Faculty & Staff
Students
Alumni
Notices
Search 


About
News & Events
Academics
Research
UG Admission
PG Admission
APA





About

Self-Portrayal
Message from Vice Chancellor
Vision and Mission
List of Previous Vice-Chancellors
Self-Portrayal
Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology (BUET) is a pioneer in engineering education in Bangladesh. The history of BUET dates back to 1876 when the Dhaka Survey School was founded. Later in 1947, it became an engineering college and gained independent university status in 1962. It is located on a compact 83.9-acre land in the heart of Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh.

BUET offers high-quality research and education through its 18 departments under five faculties which are architecture and planning, civil engineering, engineering, electrical and electronic engineering, and mechanical engineering. Six university-led institutes also focus on diverse areas of research. BUET has over 600 faculty members and over 10000 undergraduate and graduate students. Graduates from BUET have a long history of enjoying extraordinary success all over the world, with many notable alumni serving as the global leaders in their respective fields.

Excellent academic environment, state-of-the-art research facilities, and a vibrant campus life have made BUET the first choice for future engineers and architects in Bangladesh. Students are enrolled at BUET through a highly-competitive entrance examination. BUET is the technological research and innovation hub in Bangladesh. It has been contributing immensely to nation-building since its establishment by providing expert services to hallmark infrastructure development projects. Faculty members work closely with industry and the Government to address crucial problems and formulate national policies and strategies in various sectors. BUET is an active member of the Association of Commonwealth Universities and maintains strong collaborations with hundreds of renowned universities and industries at home and abroad.





Academics
Undergraduate Studies
Graduate Studies
International Students
Medium of Instruction

Admissions
Undergraduate
Postgraduate
Admission of Foreign Students
Scholarship Opportunities

Research
Profile
Research Areas
RISE
Centers

Clubs
Teachers Club
Students Club
Departments and Institutes
Faculties
Departments
Institutes

Administration
Vice-Chancellor’s Office
Pro-Vice-Chancellor’s Office
Registrar Office
Controller of Examination
Comptroller Office
DSW Office
Planning and Development
Cells and Directorate
IQAC
ICT Cell
DCE

Campus Life
Support Offices
DSW
Office of the Chief Engineer
DAERs
IICT System and Support

Services
Medical
Library
IT Support
FAQ

বার্ষিক কর্ম-সম্পাদন চুক্তি (APA)
এপিএ ও এপিএ টিমের কার্যক্রম
জাতীয় শুদ্ধচার কৌশল কর্মপরিকল্পনা
ই-গভর্ন্যান্স ও উদ্ভাবনী কার্যক্রম
সেবা প্রদান প্রতিশ্রুতি (সিটিজেন চার্টার)
অভিযোগ প্রতিকার ব্যবস্থাপনা
তথ্য অধিকার ব্যবস্থাপনা
RTI
Web Services
BIIS
Office 365
Downloadable Forms
Notices

Job Application
About
Mission and Vision
History
Maps

Gallery
Consultancy
BRTC
BRTC Report
Awareness Against Sexual Harassment
Acknowledgement

logo
   
BUET | Research Academics Departments Administration
2025 © All rights reserved, BUET

